PAY-6281: Document ApplePay container active & disabled props (#489)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/payment-services/containers/apple-pay.mdx

    ['createCart', 'object', 'Maybe', 'Required if "getCartId" not provided. The object should define a single "getCartItems" property, which should be a function that returns a list of cart items to purchase. The list must contain at least one cart item. Cart items must be provided as objects with, at minimum, an "sku" (string) and a "quantity" (number). See "Cart item object" section for more information.'],
    ['onSuccess', 'function', 'No', 'Called when the payment flow finishes successfully. If the function returns a promise, the promise will be awaited before marking the payment as "completed successfully" in the Apple Pay sheet. If the promise rejects, the payment will be marked as "failed" in the Apple Pay sheet and the error will be propagated to the "onError" callback, if provided.'],
    ['onError', 'function', 'No', 'Called when the payment flow was aborted due to an error. The function receives a single argument, {message: string}, containing the reason of error.'],
    ['active', 'boolean', 'No', 'Activates/deactivates the container (default value is true).'],

>     ['disabled', 'boolean', 'No', 'Disables the Apple Pay button.'],

Reviewer: I believe we should follow the same pattern that we use with the active property
```suggestion
    ['disabled', 'boolean', 'No', 'Enables/Disables the Apple Pay button (default value is false).'],
```

Author: I copied both lines from the checkout drop-in's "Place order" documentation. As the properties are equally named and have equal behavior, I thought it would be good for consistency to copy the documentation.

https://github.com/commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront/blob/cd1fdf1705f89e9b104642a5d360f0bdc5804196/src/content/docs/dropins/checkout/containers/place-order.mdx?plain=1#L18-L19

That said, I am not entirely convinced with this documentation either. If we are changing it anyway, I propose a complete rewrite. See latest commit. @dherrero2 what do you think?

Author: <img width="720" height="220" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9d7563d7-80ec-4e1b-b1f0-f78dfa8ccf7c" />

Reviewer: In my opinion the following is more clear:
'Whether the button is active. Set this to "false" to hide the Apple Pay button. The default value is true.'
'Whether the button is disabled. Set this to "true" to disable the Apple Pay button. The default value is false.'

What do you think @Tomasito665 ? Otherwise I like the improvement 👍

Reviewer 2: are we ready to merge it?, I can whenever we're ok with it

Author: The checkout drop-in docs use `(default value is X)`

https://github.com/commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront/blob/cd1fdf1705f89e9b104642a5d360f0bdc5804196/src/content/docs/dropins/checkout/containers/merged-cart-banner.mdx?plain=1#L20

https://github.com/commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront/blob/cd1fdf1705f89e9b104642a5d360f0bdc5804196/src/content/docs/dropins/checkout/containers/bill-to-shipping-address.mdx?plain=1#L20-L21

The order drop-in docs use `(default: X)`

https://github.com/commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront/blob/cd1fdf1705f89e9b104642a5d360f0bdc5804196/src/content/docs/dropins/user-account/containers/orders-list.mdx?plain=1#L47-L48

I like the latter approach better. Writing it out as a full English sentence is too verbose IMHO. On the other hand, writing "(default value is X)" is an incomplete sentence, which reads awkward; hence my preference for a simple (default: X).

What I _would_ change, though, is to remove the quotes from "true"/"false".

```patch
-    ['active', 'boolean', 'No', 'Whether the button is active. Set this to "false" to hide the Apple Pay button (default: true).'],
-    ['disabled', 'boolean', 'No', 'Whether the button is disabled. Set this to "true" to disable the Apple Pay button (default: false).'],
+    ['active', 'boolean', 'No', 'Whether the button is active. Set this to false to hide the Apple Pay button (default: true).'],
+    ['disabled', 'boolean', 'No', 'Whether the button is disabled. Set this to true to disable the Apple Pay button (default: false).'],
```

@dherrero2 , @danidelcar what do you think?

Reviewer: Let's keep consistency then. Let's go for it 👍

Reviewer 2: I'm good with that!, thanks!
